README.md, before:

# Africarstrucks

[In Progress]

This is a vehicle rental service platform where users can rent vehicles for a period of time. This is a project I am working on to learn more about the MERN stack. Built with [React](https://reactjs.org/), [Redux](https://redux.js.org/),

## Other tools/technology and libraries used

 [TailwindCSS](https://tailwindcss.com/), [Styled-component](https://styled-components.com/), & [Twin-Macro](https://www.npmjs.com/package/twin.macro) - CSS frameworks/libraries for styling | [React-responsive](https://www.npmjs.com/package/react-responsive) for effective responsiveness | [React-Burger-Menu](https://www.npmjs.com/package/react-burger-menu) for mobile responsiveness of the navigation | [Font Awesome](https://fontawesome.com/) for icons | [React-Calendar](https://www.npmjs.com/package/react-calendar) for calendar booking integration | [React-Carousel](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@brainhubeu/react-carousel) from `@brainhubeu` for carousel implementation

## What I Learned

  1. How to install a redux/typescript react template using the `npx create-react-app --template redux-typescript` cli command

  2. How to section different styles for a single component using tags in styled-components

  3. How to extend interface props in typescript

## Errors I Faced

  1. I had to install "--dev @types/styled-components" to get rid of the error "Could not find a declaration file for module 'styled-components'"

## Current Error
  
  1. Non Yet

## [View Project](https://africarstrucks.vercel.app/)

Commit message:

starting the backend using nest js

README.md, after:

# Africarstrucks

[In Progress]

This is a vehicle rental service platform where users can rent vehicles for a period of time. This is a project I am working on to learn more about the MERN stack. Built with [React](https://reactjs.org/), [Redux](https://redux.js.org/), [NestJS](https://nestjs.com/), [Apollo GraphQL](https://www.apollographql.com/), [TypeScript](https://www.typescriptlang.org/)

## Other tools/technology and libraries used

 [TailwindCSS](https://tailwindcss.com/), [Styled-component](https://styled-components.com/), & [Twin-Macro](https://www.npmjs.com/package/twin.macro) - CSS frameworks/libraries for styling | [React-responsive](https://www.npmjs.com/package/react-responsive) for effective responsiveness | [React-Burger-Menu](https://www.npmjs.com/package/react-burger-menu) for mobile responsiveness of the navigation | [Font Awesome](https://fontawesome.com/) for icons | [React-Calendar](https://www.npmjs.com/package/react-calendar) for calendar booking integration | [React-Carousel](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@brainhubeu/react-carousel) from `@brainhubeu` for carousel implementation

## What I Learned

  1. How to install a redux/typescript react template using the `npx create-react-app --template redux-typescript` cli command

  2. How to section different styles for a single component using tags in styled-components

  3. How to extend interface props in typescript

## Errors I Faced

  1. I had to install "--dev @types/styled-components" to get rid of the error "Could not find a declaration file for module 'styled-components'"

## Current Error
  
  1. Non Yet

## [View Project](https://africarstrucks.vercel.app/)
